oh my name is Kathy what do you do for
you like I'm the marketing PR person
from a VGA and peripheral okay so what
do you help here for us this is our
ladies and media gtx 980 TI here and
compared to our old models usually we
have like totally back cover here but
now we have some changes the new desires
like we have two aluminum cover here on
the left side and right hand side and
this is the window cool yeah this is the
wind force cooler yeah we have the wind
force cooler and here you can see that
we have two LED indicator here just like
our 960 so when you are under light
gaming mode or like watching YouTube
channel and the fence stop spinning so
the LED lights just start shining so it
shows like silent and stop here this
party is this protocol illuminated oh
yeah yes it's a one color oh he has
seven kind of colors we can use our like
OC guru software to change the color ya
know too much anyway ya to mess your
chases perfect yeah that's really cool
yeah tell us more about uh and we have
the metal that play here with our jawan
gaming logo here and the g one game in
series is all high-end VJ car series so
you can see it here an obvious that this
obviously will have the basic OSI model
yeah this one is it a custom pc d yeah
this one is a totally custom PCB here so
i guess it means if I users want to use
a liquid cooling they cut they they
can't use a
no you cannot use them okay yeah what
else can you tell us about this and uh
for like the power connector here
compared to a reference card we have to
a pin connector here so he has like it
comes you more hard but it's more strong
it's stronger yeah
what's the maximum cooling capacity 600
watts which is pretty cool yeah and you
can sit here we have our flex display
technology here so you can choose any
kind of combination for your monitors
you can use HDMI DVI in any kind of
output port what is the maximum amount
of screens you can use you can use like
four monitors at the same time normal 98
yeah